Education of a Web Designer

If you have seen the market outlook for web design you know it is in high demand, here are some bachelors, diplomas and 
that can help you pursue a career in web design :

Algonquin College has a great program for web design, you can tell they're good just from their own website! This college has an
Interactive Multimedia Programming program which grants students a College Certificate of Interactive Multimedia Programming if you work
hard for 2 years (non semestered).  Algonquin College only releases their tuition fees for each upcoming year, the first semester of 
this program will cost 2998.29 Canadian dollars and you will need a minimum of 1800 dollars worth of electronic equipment in the 
form of a laptop, a camera and external memory for both devices all fitting the specifications on the programs website. To enter
Algonquin College you will need to graduate highschool with at least a 64% in grade 12 English or equivalent.  If you havn't
graduated highschool but you're 19 years of age you can take tests to determine if you can enter the program which cost
a $50 fee. Some courses include Web Applications, Digital Publishing, Web Production and Design Foundations. This college is 
found in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.

A Bachelor of Arts from Oregon State University will come in handy if you want to be a web designer.
To enter the Digital Communications Arts programme you will need at minimum of 73% in all your courses, which is a 2.0 GPA.
This will cost you a hefty 12,636.76 Canadians dollars per term if you're a non resident student, not to worry though since
if you're a resident student the programme's tuition costs 4631.80 Canadian dollars per term. The Digital Communications Arts programme
takes 4 years to complete, involving core courses such as New Media and Culture, Introduction to New Media Communications, New Media Futures and Writing for the Media Professional. Oregon State University (OSU) accepts a large amount of international students though
many of their programmes such as Digital Communications Arts are taught in English. The university is located in Corvallis, Oregon, USA.


Centennial College's Graphic Design program can get you an Advanced Diploma through 3 years of hard work (semestered). To enter this program you must have graduated high school, be 19 years of age and have a 75% as your English Grade, if your English grade is below 75% you can take an English Skills Assessment test where you must score above 170.  In addition you will need a portfolio that demonstrates your passion for graphic design. The program costs a total of 9844.50 Canadian Dollars. To name only a few courses included in this program, there are Drawing in Graphic Communication, Graphic Design History and Theory and Creativity in Context. This college is in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.



These or just some examples, any university that offers a bachelor's degree in computer science, communications or business or 
any college programs that provide college certificates in in computer science, graphic arts, web design or business is will help! 
The more experience you have in computer programming and web design the more likely you are to be employed and the higher your pay will be.

