Job Examples and Market Outlook

Private Sector
Working for the private sector means working for any company private company as in any job that doesn't involve working for
the governement, such as being a UI/UX Designer. The pay of this job is around $75,000 Canadian dollars a year, so it is withing
average salary. You must at least have an associates degree in graphic arts and 3 years of experience in graphic arts to apply,
if you count your time in university, you can apply apply for this job as early as being 22 years old. What exactly is an UI/UX
Designer? Well you'll work for the company Mercatus Technologies Incorporated located in Toronto, their goal is to
revolutionize online shopping which is dubbed e-commerce, to create a better consumer experience. As a web designer you will
plan and create prototype websites based off data collected of consumer preferences. This company works for other companies
as it sells its unparraled e-commerce systems with any company that buys. Creating convient and intuitive new ways to shop
online must be cool, since you're not just helping others but also helping yourself!

Public Sector
Working for the public sector means providing governmental services such as being the Manager of Web Services for the TDSB (Toronto
District School Board). Being a manager is like being a teacher and a boss at the same time, you need to guide your employees in the
right direction and to do that you need to know your stuff. Since this is a rather high position it's pay is well above average at
a range of $96,774 to $116,116 per year, because the requirments are hard to meet unless you have 5 years of experience in communication
and web design. This type of job is where your programming and Buisness bachelor/college certificate/diploma come into play. This
is the type of job you can hope for after a long career in web design where you'll work with managers in government to communicate
with the public by updating the TDSB website or creating a new one. As a manager you will make sure deadlines are met, track and
analyze monthly traffic statistics, create new budget plans and innovative technology. This job is ment for people who want to take
on a large amount of responsability, controlling a whole district school board's communication, are you up for the challenge?
